fix: Markdownlint cleanup for RU (#8260)
mdn/translated-content: files/ru/web/css/text-size-adjust/index.md

The `text-size-adjust` property allows Web authors to opt out from this behavior, as Web pages designed to handle small screen widths do not need it.

> > **Примечание:** **Предупреждения**: Это свойство является нестандартным. In order to use it, Web authors have to duplicate, or even triplicate it, prefixed for each engine supporting it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>  **Предупреждение**: Это свойство является нестандартным. In order to use it, Web authors have to duplicate, or even triplicate it, prefixed for each engine supporting it.
```
